Coding:
Irn-Bru : "I have nearly completed 2 maunal to send to you all."
Irn-Bru : "I'll finish them at the w/end and email them to all builders, allong with the u-code ref. manual."


Seeing more of what's going on
Irn-Bru : "OK - WHAT I CAN DO IS TO MAKE MORE COMMANDS ECHO THEIR RESULTS TO THE WIZARDS"
"how about partial snoop, ie commands but not tell"

Quests:
I think that there should be a correlation between quests solved and maximum attainable level....about 95% to get to lvl 14"
Brona says: "quest for each level no way"
Vote : N,Y,N
Ged: one thing about the quest that would help is if the player CANNOT have done it before. (like the two in operation now!)"

Gobstopper:
"move the gobstopper"
"or only have it work once?"
or hide it or put a puzzle in."
Increase sleep time......"
"eg. I could alter the gobstopper to not work after you have past level 4."

Hp restore:
Borogove: "Make truffle restore a number of hit points"
Astaroth: "Pete suggests - Eating the truffle not increase stam, but increases the speedd at which stam is recovered"
Irn-Bru : "OK - MOBILES CURRENTLY REGENERATE VRY FAST - I'LL SLOW THAT DOWN A BIT."
Borogove: "More places with water?"
Irn-Bru : "OK - WE HAVE 3 HEALTH RESTORERS: TRUFFLE, DATES AND WATER IN OASIS."
Irn-Bru : "YES - AND MELY IF YOU CARRY IT FOR MORE THAN 5 MINS."
Ged     : "a heal spell ?"
Daneel  : "nope , but a place you can go and pay to be healed(?)"
Irn-Bru : "A MEANS THAT I USED IN ANOTHER GAME WAS PRAYING WITH A CROSS IN A CHURCH."
Daneel  : "how about a place, where you can rest, and pay money to be restored in a
certain time, ie in a hotel room, the better the room , the faster you heal."
Borogove: "I think more food is needed, scattered around,..."
Borogove: "I like the idea of it going moldy if you hold it too long"
Ged     : "i think damage should be kept after logout too. otherwise..."
Borogove: "Incremented slowly"
Borogove: "Faster if you relax (by some definition)"
Ged     : "we will need a heal spell tho - if arguments and problems occur (not to full either - heal <> 20)"
Pesky   : "Can players be made to get drunk, which affects the chances of hitting an opponent in a fight,
	 but gives some healing properties?? "
Astaroth: "Right, as far as comparison with other MUGs goes, I find that stam
    on here rises MUCH too fast... Also, considering people can run around"
    getting back to max stam is very easy"

Daneel  : "a persons total combat effectiveness should be a function of their hp and then ..."
             their attack value of the weapon and the defense val of the armour they"
             are wearing...."

Darksword thinks that that might increase ppl trying to solve non-violent puzzles!!! which is good

Ged     : "i thought it might be a good idea"
   "for perforamnce degradation for a number of resons"
   "eg drunk, low hp etc. Not just fighting"
   "but all performance. - stealing / magic etc"
   "stealing especially."

Auto flee:
Irn-Bru  : "how about an auto-flee (wimpy mode) when getting very low on points."
Astaroth : "Basically, you record the amount of times the person has initiated fights ....."
   and the amount of times they have fled, and the amount of times they have been attacked"
   and on that basis you calculate how much of a coward they are"
   and auto flee mode is a setting which is beyond"
   their control as its an integral part of their charactefr"
Astaroth : "an extra variable for mobiles concernibg how frightened they get"
Pesky    : "Can fighting players, mean -1 lvl for looser."
Daneel   : "we need to get over the point that fighting is a VERY RISKY poroposition"
Daneel   : "I like the way it is......"
Irn-Bru  : "which is why I think that losing ALL if you attack and lose is good."
Vagnerr  : "I think that actualy fignting things should not only reduce your staminar ..."
     "but also make you more tired"

"Shall we all agree to come up with some quest ideas.... and perhaps try coding some bits to take
the strain of irn-bru....."
 
Building:
Darksword: "so that we can get different opinions from ppl on whta they think of the areas"
Irn-Bru  : "THIS ARCH WILL HELP TO GUILD PEOPLE ABOUT BUILDING AND LOOK AT WHATS CURRENTLY BEING BUILT"
Borogove :"If we had a board which all builders had access too..."
Borogove : "we could all pin up what we are currently building"
Darksword: "we can also make the committeee a pass/fail committee ...they can refuse someones' area if..."
Darksword: "its not good enough"
Ged      : "a room mentioned in build help, with build access, and a bulletin."
Irn-Bru  : "As I have to do a little work to gmove an area from online to offline I'd appreciate some vetting , yes!"
Irn-Bru  : "so I could create more of them..."
Borogove : "on-line builders could pin up entrance room numbers:"

Daneel   : "can everyone at some time have a look in the wizards academy, and check their portraits, mail me a desc if
 you want one made/changed"
Daneel   : "use drogon mail."

Irn-Bru  : "ok - armour weapons:"
Irn-Bru  : "I think that they will stay at 0 when in online format."

Astaroth : "Concerning tags attached to rooms, which can be used as a reference to teleport to."

On-line built objects:
ghost values
For play testing - fetch an object and leave it next to the ghost treasure


Choice of arch:
Ged because he asked

when someone is deafed or dumbed then emotes shouldn't work

Ged says: "how will we decide upon the committee ?"

Quests:
Borogove: "Either build a quest section of your own"
Borogove: "or think of a quest for DDrogon as it stands"
Borogove: "Atleast quests built into the current map mean the land is used more than once!"

Darksword: "diff from the templ

Darksword: "can we have a vote board ?"
Darksword: "so that anyone can put up an idea on it...and"
Borogove : "And after some discussion we can change our votes"

Darksword: "a mail group that we can subscribe to...."

Darksword: "i could regulate the group ....if anyone wants it..."
Darksword: "not regulate but just do the mail
Darksword: "just a mail thing ..i collect mail from everyone .."
Darksword: "and resend to everyone on the list ...info an"

Emoteto
look <room>

